1. It is appropriate to define an int-type parameter when your value is small,
has natural numbers and can be positive or negative. In the code example this
is illustrated because the value could be negative.

    int difference = value1 - value2;

2. It is appropriate to define a std::string value parameter when dealing with
text and more functionality is needed, provided by the string class. In the 
code example this is illustrated because the text is too long to handle with 
chars alone.

    std::string string = "hello world, this is too long and awkward for chars";

3. It is appropriate to define a const reference to an int-type parameter when
a numeric value could be positive or negative and will not be changed. In the 
code example this is illustrated becauese the value will not change

    int depth = -2;
    int const &depthOfTrench = depth;

4. It is appropriate to define a const reference to a std::string parameter when
it is a lot of text that will not be changed and only referenced. In the code 
example this is illustrated because the alphabet will never be changed.

    std::string alphabet = "abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz";
    std::string const &letters = alphabet;


5. It is appropriate to define a non-const reference to an int-type parameter
when you have an int that you might change but dont want to copy due to
efficiency. In the code example this is illustrated because the int can may be
updated constantly but it is more efficient to reference it then copy it each
time

    int currentHeight = 22990;
    int &altitude = currentHeight;

6. It is appropriate to define a non-const reference to a std::string value
parameter when the string is too long to copy efficiently for each change.
In the code example this is illustrated because the string is long and when
one user is changed it would be inefficent to copy the whole string.

    std::string listOfUsers = "alpha beta charlie delta echo fox";
    std::string &users = listOfUsers;

7. It is appropriate to define a const rvalue-reference to an int value parameter
when you have a temporary int that will need to be referenced, without change, 
for a function. In the code example this is illustrated because the int is a 
temporary value but will need to be referenced.

    int const &tempPassword = 4312913;
    
8. It is appropriate to define a const rvalue-reference to a std::string value
parameter when you have a temporary string that will need to be referenced and
it will not be changed in the code. In the code example this is illustrated 
because the string is a temporary value that would be too long to be copied and
will not be changed.

    std::string User1, User2, User3;
    std::string const &currentUsers = User1 + User2 + User3;

9. It is appropriate to define an rvalue-reference to an int-type parameter when
you have a temporary int that will need to be used in your function but it does
not need to be copied for efficiency. In the code example this is illustrated
because the int may be changed but it would be not be efficient to constantly
copy its value.

    int &currentPlayers = 38189;

10. It is appropriate to define an rvalue-reference to a std::string parameter
when you have a temporary string that will be updated but it would be unefficient
to copy it each time. In the code example this is illustrated because the string
will be changed but it starts as a temporary value.

    std::string &vipList = "jack james john joe";

11. It is appropriate to return an int-type value when the function results
in a positive or negative small number. In the code example this is illustrated
because the difference could be negative and it will be quite small.

    int difference(int value1, int value2)
    {
        result = value1 - value2;
        return result;
    }

12. It is appropriate to return a std::string value when the function creates
a string that is stored as a local variable in the function and would be removed
when the function terminates. In the code example this is illustrated because the
string would be removed when the function terminates.

    string listOfUsers(char users[10])
    {
        std::string listOfUsers = "";
        for (int indx = 0, indx != 10, ++indx)
            listOfUsers += users[indx];
        return listOfUsers;
    }

13. It isn't appropriate to return a const reference to an int as the variable
would be deleted on termination of the function.

14. It isn't appropriate to return a const reference to a std::string as the
variable would be deleted on termination of the function.

15. It isn't appropriate to return a non-const reference to an int as the 
variable would be deleted on termination of the function.

16. It isn't appropriate to return a non-const reference to a std::string as
the variable would be deleted on termination of the function.

17. It isn't appropriate to return a const rvalue-reference to an int as the
rvalue would be deleted on termination of the function.

18. It isn't appropriate to return a const rvalue-reference to a std::string
as the rvalue would be deleted on termination of the function.

19. It isn't appropriate to return an rvalue-reference to an int as the rvalue
would be deleted on termination of the function.

20. It isn't appropriate to return an rvalue-reference to a std::string as the
rvalue would be deleted on termination of the function.
     
